.TH JSTP\-CLI 1 2018-12-22 Metarhia
.SH NAME
jstp\-cli \- JavaScript Transfer Protocol command line interface
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B jstp\-cli
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B jstp\-cli
is a client for interacting with the JSTP server through the CLI.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-verbose
Enable verbose reporting of errors and incoming and outgoing JSTP messages.
Specifying this option more than once will also enable printing of ping and
pong messages that are used mostly for heartbeat.
.TP
.BR \-R ", " \-\-no\-reconnect
Disable automatic reconnection whenever connection is lost.

By default, reconnection is enabled and uses a truncated binary exponential
backoff algorithm.
.TP
.BR \-i ", " \-\-heartbeat\-interval =\fImilliseconds
Enable sending of the heartbeat messages from the client with the specified
interval.
.TP
.BR \-p "[=\fIindentation\fP], " \-\-pretty\-print [=\fIindentation\fP]
Enable pretty\-printing of the arrays and objects.
.RI "The " indentation
may be a number or a string, and it works in the same way as when passed as the
third argument to ECMAScript's
.IR JSON.stringify() .
When the
.I indentation
is omitted, the default value of 2 spaces is used.
.TP
.B \-\-version
Print package version and exit.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.BI JSTP_CLI_HISTORY " file"
Path to the
.I file
used to store persistent CLI history.
The default path is
.IR $HOME/.jstp_cli_history ,
which is overridden by this variable.
Setting the value to an empty string
("" or " ") will disable persistent CLI history.
.TP
.BI JSTP_CLI_HISTORY_SIZE " number"
Controls how many lines of the CLI history will be persisted.
.I number
must have a positive value.
.SH BUGS
Bugs are tracked in GitHub Issues: https://github.com/metarhia/jstp/issues
.SH COPYRIGHT
.B jstp\-cli
is available under the MIT license.
See https://github.com/metarhia/jstp/blob/master/LICENSE for the full license
text.
.SH AUTHORS
Full contributors list is available at
https://github.com/metarhia/jstp/blob/master/AUTHORS
